(:  generates a page to set an SQL task, accept SQL input, execute that SQL and compare the results with the expected results.  

 Bugs:
     Commands should be the same if single or double quotes are used
     Spaces are not significant in some places in SQL so insignificant differences are sometimes detected
     Bare < in a error message generates an XML parse error - will  be fixed with switch to SQL module

 Bugs Fixed 
     > Discussions coming out when the step is initially displayed, not when the query has been executed correctly
     > Hints should shown if there is a syntax error
     > Column comparison not working  -too lax
     > Table comparison was broken and too lax 
     
 To do
   students dont read the discussion note and go straight on to the next page - perhasp should confirm they have read it first.
   detect rows in a different order if not ORDER BY
   Improve diagnostics
   Allow user to comment on questions - to add alternative ways of achieving the same effect - as per slides 
   Add search amongst a set of worksheets 
   Add registration and tracking of user activity
   Add other types of question - eg text, multiple choice
   Use the SQL module rather than use the PHP helper - this opens the way for different databases to be used - problem with SQL module  which throws a Java exception if the sql isinvalid - needs a Java change
   before use - Adam has made this change in the trunk - one small bug needs fixing by Adam but he's not responding
   How to support database creation and data insert, update and delete?
         Need registration and user to input their own username and db password - then use these in the connection 
         How to support the creation of a standard database - e.g. drop and create the empdept tables so these can be updated - yes we can put the scripts into a worksheet so when the step is run, it does the stp 
          on the students own tables
   Hints should be associated with different kinds of error
   Some entries are just text (Hint) others expect  elements - no consistancy here - should be able to cope with both.
   Description/ Discussion distinction could be made by placement in the script rather than different names
   Move the worksheet directory into Wiki2 to avoid prying eyes.
   Parameterised Queries - coding done -see testrandom.xq - just need to figure out how to include -
         what about the printed version, the index
         the Description is not paramererised
   Student can't review an answer they have correctly entered because the application does not remember where the individual student has been - registration and user state for that.
   Students can get to see the correct result  whatever invalid SQL they enter - needs some staged release of information - but that  would need state too.
   Replace the generic Step with Reading, Demo , Exercise , ScratchPad elements to faciltate validation of a worksheet and procesing with typeswitch - major upheaval!
    
   Done
      >Tag exercises by language construct or RDBMS concept
     > add index to worksheets and constructs 
     > add keyboard control sto step through tutorial
     > Scratch pad for testing commands without checking. - getSQL with no model
     > Styling the page  
     > Create the initial lessons with hints
     > detect columns in a different order
     > Ordering worksheets  - by name with leading number
     > Add index to worksheets
     > Worksheets need to belong to a group for printing and selection.
     > Add monitoring of accesses - may need to move the log location - add the ip address   
     > Review markup of types of step
     >  create a general PHP script to do the interfacing as a temporary measure.  
     > About  page added
     > support external worksheets - id may be a url
     > print a full worksheet
     > Print Stylesheet needed
     > Notate the index to show the kind of step involved 
     >  Add link to datamodel in the menu - could add Nav elements to a worksheet to be merged in 
     >  Add log analysis by worksheet  loganalysis.xq?id=select1 ? improve layout 
     > Put cursor in the textbox on page load - but generates error if no textbox  present
     > Added Prompt which pre fills the SQL box with a template
:)
